Coded up a PROJMCECmod to take care of equational constraints
properly.  As part of this, I added a facility that, for lower
level constraints, checks whether the sign-invariance of
polynomial g in sections of the pivot constraint
f1 f2 ... fs = 0 actually implies the order-invariance of
g, in which case disc(g) is not needed.  Otherwise it might
be necessary.  This test is conservative, not exact, and is
based on groebner bases.

Next step is to use a similar test to determine that we do
indeed have order-invariance in some situations where a
p.f. is nullified.   We will do this by collecting all the
polynomials that are zero in the cell over which a p.f. is
nullified, and then checking whether the p.f. is actually
order-invariant in the variety defined by all those
polynomials.  If there are any r-level equational
constraints, they could be thrown in as well, of course.

7/26/2006: Fixed bug in INITPCAD.  When the normalized formula
           is identically TRUE or FALSE, INITPCAD needs to
           create the root cell with that as its truth value,
           not UNDET.  Also, if the assumptions are false, the
           root cell's truth value should be NA.  Making this
           fix required making INITPCAD a member function of
           the QepcadCls class.

11/01/2007:Added a new command: negate-truth-value.  It
           negates the truth values of all cells currently
           assigned a TRUE/FALSE truth value in the CAD.

18/01/2007:Fixed gruesome bug in CAD simplification.  How
           could I have missed this stuff!!! The error was
           that PLCAD used LPFZC to figure out which projection
           factors define boundary cells.  Big mistake!  I fixed
           the unused function LPFOWCS (List of projection factors
           of which C is a section) and used it instead.  Now 
           PLCAD works like a champ!  You can't just use the
           polys that are zero, because that includes those that
           are nullified in the stack! [NOTE: also fixed SACLIB
           bug.

           The line:
              a = (a1 != 0 ? LIST2(a0,a1) : a0);
           needs to be added to then end of Step 4 of IEEELBRN.
           Otherwise ISUM is passed an invalid integer.

26/02/2007:Several Improvements:
           1) Made input consistent in its use of C++ istreams.
              In particular, I keep a stack of "input contexts",
              each of which is an istream, so a callee of QEPCAD
       	      can set up an input context (usually a string, I'd
              guess) and use it to communicate with QEPCAD.
           2) Integrated the readline library in tty mode.  In
              particular, I created a nice simple istream that
              uses readline in its underlying implementation.
           3) Straightened out the architecture of CAServers, so
              it's not too hard for people to set QEPCADB up to
              use Singular to do some of its computations, and to
              add GB computation --- which is key to QEPCADB's
              system for using equational constraints in a way
              that is correct, while strong enough to help
              improve performance!

12/03/2007:To get a system that compiles on Solaris, I have to do
           some more work.  Here are the issues:
           1) MAIN.c needed #include <signals.h>
           2) readline/readline.h is located in /opt/sfw/include 
              (at least on our solaris installation), so that needs
              to be added to the includes path.
           3) -lcurses is needed to link, because readline appears
              to require some curses functions.
           QEPCADB's, cad2d's and ADJ2D_plot's make files have all
           been cleaned up using an "if" to decide about the linking
           issues.

13/03/2007:Added tv-lim-sup and tv-lim-inf ... which help in doing
           optimization.

24/10/2007:Added d-witness-list command, which displays a list of
           cells that are witnesses when input is fully existentially
           quantified --- i.e. for SAT problems.

25/02/2008:Set up the killing of CAServer child processes on SIGINT.
           Added the "continue" command.  This included adding the
           global variable flag PCCONTINUE and adding a check for
           PCCONTINUE after every call to USERINT.  Since PROJECT,
           TICAD and QEPCAD all call USERINT, each call to these
           functions also needed to be followed by a check.

22/05/2008:Added explicit license file with Open-BSD style license.
           This was done with the consent of Hoon Hong, George 
           Collins, Bruno Buchberger, the director of RISC-Linz and
           other parties with a potential interest.  Also added
           a "make clean" target to remove all .o & .a files.

qepcad 1.54 Thu, 15 Apr 2010
Modified code to compile properly for 64-bit architectures.
This relies on having at least saclib2.2.3 and tests the
 __WORDSIZE macro to see whether its value is 32 or 64.

qepcad 1.55 Tue, 08 Jun 2010
Fixed some issues with rendering.  In particular, ADJ2D_plot 
no longer relies on FIFOs, it is now simple pipes.

qepcad 1.56 Wed, 02 Mar 2011
Fixed bug that caused segfault when plotting partial CADs. 
Fixed bug-esque problem in plot2d that maxed out the CPU 
purposely ... GLUT's idle callback was happening about 
1,000,000 times a second!  

qepcad 1.59 Thu, 17 Mar 2011
Cleaned and reorganized code dealing with intialization and 
cleanup.  As part of that, Qepcad now redefines Saclib's FAIL 
function so that child Singular processes are cleaned up 
before exiting.

qepcad 1.62 Tue, 10 May 2011
A bug in introduced in version 3.82 of GNU make causes the 
call to make in $qe/source to fail.  I filed a bug report 
(bug report #33274) but, since that may never be fixed or at 
any rate folks will be using 3.82 for a while, I modified 
$qe/source/Makefile to work around the problem.  The makefile 
is harder to mantain now, but at least it works. 
